
Subscribe
Season of Sharing
Local
San Francisco
Bay Area
Coronavirus
Crime
Wildfires
Election 2020
Obituaries
Sports
Giants
Warriors
49ers
A's
Sharks
High School
Raiders
College
Election 2020
Biz+Tech
VisionSF
Real Estate
US & World
Opinion
Datebook
Movies & TV
Music
Theater
Art & Exhibits
Dance
Classical
Books
Festivals
Bad Reporter
Food
The Press
Top 100 Restaurants
Inside Scoop
Restaurants
Recipes
NorCal Brewery Map
Beer & Wine
Culture Desk
Health
Outdoors
Travel
Vault: Archive
Chronicle Covers
Our San Francisco
From the Archive
Portals of the Past
Archives Search
Podcasts
Extra Spicy
Fifth & Mission
Total SF
It's All Political
A's Plus
Warriors Off Court
Giants Splash
Investigations
In-Depth
Newsletters
Photos
Chronicle Quizzes
Membership
About Membership
Exclusive offers
Join Now
e-edition
App
Manage my account
Store
Privacy Notice
Do Not Sell My Info
Terms of Use
Coronavirus
Local
Food
Election
Sporting Green
Biz+Tech
Culture Desk
Datebook
US & World
Opinion
In-Depth
Podcasts
Coronavirus live updates: Broadway star Nick Cordero dies of COVID-19 in Los Angeles
Read Now
Fast-moving wildfire east of Gilroy grows to more than 1,00 acres
Bicylist killed by SMART commuter train in San Rafael
BLM mural in Martinez vandalized in ‘hateful and senseless’ act
Jane Morrison, longtime S.F. progressive organizer, dies at 100
Gilroy, Morgan Hill fires cover nearly 1,000 acres, prompt evacuations
6-year-old boy fatally shot in SF’s Bayview neighborhood
Willie Brown: California’s confused fight against the coronavirus







                                International AIDS Conference returns to SF, overshadowed by coronavirus
                            

The International AIDS Conference was set to return to San Francisco for the first time in 30 years, but a new pandemic has made it a virtual affair.


                                How did we get here? California struggling to stay on top of pandemic
                            

                                Covering mouth, nose best shield against virus, experts say
                            

                                No, wearing a mask does not cut off your oxygen. Here are the facts.
                            







                                Marin County stops indoor dining amid increase in coronavirus cases
                            

Marin County officials will shut down indoor dining for at least three weeks after landing on the state’s coronavirus watch list, which tracks counties facing an uptick in cases.


                                Restaurants with outdoor dining baffled by state effort to shut them down
                            

                                California’s new surge restrictions could last for a long while
                            







                                SF homeless project: As crisis worsens, seeking signs of hope
                            

Starting Monday, The Chronicle will present its fifth annual S.F. Homeless Project, a week of coverage focused on a crisis in San Francisco and across the Bay Area that has only worsened in recent years. The bedrock belief underlying the project has always been as simple as it is vexing: Mass homelessness in a wealthy society is not acceptable and must be eradicated. To that end, we seek to...


                                SF Homeless Project: Complete coverage
                            

                                How you can help the homeless in the Bay Area
                            







                                Hundreds of Fourth of July fires in Bay Area, many from illegal fireworks
                            

Fire officials across the Bay Area remained on high alert Sunday after battling more than 200 fires on the Fourth of July — almost all ignited by illegal fireworks — that threatened multiple homes and buildings and injured a father and his child.


                                Stienstra: Busy parks, masks, distancing the rule on Fourth of July
                            







                                Pandemic has Fisherman’s Wharf floundering amid absent tourists
                            

Fisherman’s Wharf and Pier 39 were the most popular destinations for San Francisco’s tourists. Now, restaurants and shops are looking to locals to stay afloat — and they’re not coming.








                                Perfect time for A’s to swim to Reality Island, build ballpark at Coliseum
                            

If the Oakland A’s were to throw all their new-ballpark eggs into the Coliseum basket, that good news might lift this A’s team to the World Series.










Tracking COVID-19 cases across California


            Where to hike, run, and get outside right now in the Bay Area
        

                                 We compiled a map of all the beaches, trails and parks you can visit in the Bay Area, and let you know if they’re open or closed. 
            











            Contact us securely
        

                                 Have sensitive news, documents or information you want to share confidentially? Here's how to contact us. 
            



















Undocumented restaurant workers may need most help, get the least

                The restaurant business depends on undocumented workers who are ineligible for many unemployment benefits and loans. Local and state efforts to provide aid are straining to fill the gap.
            
COVID-19 hospitalizations hit new peaks in the Bay Area

                    Hospitalizations for COVID-19 hit new peaks in the Bay Area this week, with one of the hotbeds in Marin County, where officials are grappling with more than 1,400 cases among prisoners in San...
                










Backyard cottages boom as parents and students flee coronavirus
Bay Area doctors explain the COVID-19 treatments they’re using now
Health officer: Adapt because virus ‘will be with us for a long time’
Giants return to Oracle Park for strange first glimpse of pandemic baseball
Face masks: When and how to use them
Should I get a test? Will testing ramp up?
Where can I get a test in the Bay Area?
What to do if symptoms show up
Updates on transit and parking
When will California have ‘herd immunity’?
SF reopening timeline: Dates when restaurants, schools can open

            Bay Area Layoff Tracker
        

                                 Search this regional database to see the number of job cuts by company and city. 
            











Protesters at Coliseum oppose Howard Terminal project
Oakland A’s President Dave Kaval said he welcomes dissent such as the small group of protesters at the Coliseum on Sunday who oppose the Athletics’ proposed Howard Terminal Stadium project....

Kapler praises Giants, Mike Trout for setting good mask example

Giants’ Brandon Belt believes team 'can get through this season safely’

A’s postpone first position player workout awaiting test results

Giants’ Buster Posey arrives in camp but says he still might opt out
State shutting off parking at beaches for July 4 weekend

                    In a sweeping move intended to help stop the spread of COVID-19 over the Fourth of July Weekend, California State Parks will shut down parking at all state beaches on the Bay Area coast.
                










Guide: Where to hike, run, and get outside right now
5 campgrounds you can walk into this Fourth of July weekend
Is it safe to fly? Far-flung families weigh coronavirus risk
Road trip checklist: How to prep for car travel in the pandemic

            NBA hatches a dumb second-bubble plan, but Warriors fans...
        

                                 The NBA reportedly wants to assemble the eight teams not invited to the Orlando bubble, a group that includes the Warriors, to a quarantined site...
            

            After basketball, Jennifer Azzi has career and family at 51
        

                                 Jennifer Azzi and her wife Blair Hardiek are growing tomatoes and cudding a newborn while sheltering at home in the pandemic. While bringing a...
            

            Perfect time for A’s to swim to Reality Island, build...
        

                                 If the Oakland A’s were to throw all their new-ballpark eggs into the Coliseum basket, that good news might lift this A’s team to the World...
            

            Ten life-and-death moments in 40 years in the outdoors
        

                                 On Tom Stienstra’s 40th anniversary as the outdoors writer for The Chronicle, editors asked him to describe the most provocative encounters of...
            

What should restaurant owners do when employees test positive?
Restaurant owners are starting to realize that following the state’s guidelines isn’t necessarily enough to prevent a coronavirus outbreak.

Wood-fired pupusas on an ample, friendly patio at Oakland’s Popoca

Herbal, plus other new Bay Area restaurants open for takeout

Berkeley’s Cafe Ohlone is gone, long live Cafe Ohlone

Green Chile Patty Melt as the salve for a stressful move
Have Bay Area restaurants been following COVID-19 rules?

                    All Bay Area counties have opened for outdoor dining, but many might be wondering if business owners are heeding coronavirus guidelines, and how counties are enforcing the rules, if at all.
                










Searchable list of Black-owned restaurants in the Bay Area
152 Bay Area restaurants now open for outdoor dining
Permanent restaurant closures since shelter-in-place
43 Sonoma County wineries that are open for visitors now









A food podcast, hosted by Soleil Ho and Justin Phillips


            The chaos of reopening California bars, and a racial reckoning...
        

                                 We’re reviewing the big news on the drinking beat from the past week, and tasting some delightfully experimental California wines that take...
            

            Bay Area’s undocumented restaurant workers may need most...
        

                                 The restaurant business depends on undocumented workers who are ineligible for many unemployment benefits and loans. Local and state efforts to...
            

Fires linked to fireworks erupt across SF, Bay Area on Fourth of July
Grass fires — many linked to illegal fireworks — flared across the Bay Area on the Fourth of July, straining firefighter resources and causing injuries.

Oakland A’s get unwelcome feedback from Sierra Club on new ballpark

Bookworm, 82, marks his place outside Opera Plaza shop for 30 years

AC Transit could cut 30% of bus service in East Bay as revenue sinks

SF cleans up Tenderloin — dramatic, 65% drop-off in homeless tent camps
Should I get a coronavirus test before seeing friends and family?

                    As the pandemic conitnues, keeping many families apart for longer than ever before, many are getting tested, or considering getting tested, before seeing family and friends.
                










From picnics to pools, experts rate the risk of popular activities
Face mask rules: When and how to use them
Bay Area coronavirus tests: Where can I get one?
Is risk of transmission lower outside? What to know before going outdoors

Ting, Chiu hearing from Chinese Americans about affirmative action
Assemblyman David Chiu said the opposition appears to be organized by conservative groups and “very much” focused on college admissions rather than the benefits affirmative action could have...

Bill Duplissea, one of the Bay Area’s last Republican legislators, dies

Virus, Black Lives Matter transform California’s political campaigns

Newsom appeals to California protesters: Consider others, stay home

How San Francisco inspired the ‘defund the police’ movement
What we've learned after 100 days of sheltering in the Bay Area

                    Some 100 days after the coronavirus brought Bay Area life to a standstill, health experts around the world are still scrambling to understand the virus that causes COVID-19.
                










‘No way we can go back’: Learning to live with the coronavirus
Tests are easy to get now, but not always where needed most
Bay Area economy reshaped by 100 days of shelter in place
Efforts at coronavirus vaccines, treatments abound in Bay Area

            ‘I was ready to die’: A survivor’s diary
        

                                 With no health insurance and alone in his home, Rafael Arias spent weeks fighting for his life, sometimes hallucinating and gasping for air. 
            











            Oakland’s Black Catholics demand action
        

                                 Black Catholics in Oakland are demanding action. What’s happening in the Catholic Church is inextricable from the racial reckoning happening...
            

            Oakland A’s get unwelcome feedback from Sierra Club on...
        

                                 The politically powerful Sierra Club has “serious concerns” about the Oakland A’s waterfront ballpark plan. The environmental advocacy...
            

            ‘You can’t furlough the animals’: SF Zoo and two...
        

                                 These city treasures must continue to feed and care for thousands of animals without reopening to the public. And money from the federal...
            

            MoveOn endorses Joe Biden, a sign that progressives are...
        

                                 Liberal organization’s blessing shows that progressives are starting to coalesce behind former vice president, unlike how they resisted Hillary...
            

            Timeline: How Bay Area has combated the coronavirus
        

                                 A look back at the coronavirus outbreak across the Bay Area and the country. 
            











If you inherit a retirement account, make sure you read this
The Secure Act changed the rules for required minimum distributions from inherited IRAs, 401(k) plans. Make sure you know what “class” you’re in.

How to exercise your online privacy rights in California

PG&E contractor with sketchy past made millions after California’s...

Restaurant suppliers make the switch to home groceries

U.S. unemployment rate drops to 11.1% as 1.4 million file for benefits
Eviction ban: What renters and landlords need to know

                    With many Californians facing economic distress because of the coronavirus, state officials have taken steps to block evictions and protect renters.
                










Interactive Database: Bay Area Layoff Tracker
How do I renew my driver’s license, vehicle registration?
Can’t pay your mortgage because of the coronavirus? Here’s what to do
Bay Area help to get your will and other affairs in order

            SF legislators furious at EDD limits on help to their...
        

                                  California’s Employment Development Department said it’s revising its policy of expediting only one constituent case per week after State...
            

            The advertiser boycott of social media is just the beginning
        

                                 When new recruits start to boycott Facebook, Twitter and the like, that’s when we’ll see real change happen in Silicon Valley. 
            

            Bay Area people share battles with COVID-19
        

                                 Being a survivor of the coronavirus doesn’t mean you’ve recovered. Those who have battled it say their lives will never be the same. 
            











Gina Prince-Blythewood has made a strong, smart superhero movie
"The Old Guard" stars Charlize Theron as a very old warrior who cannot be killed.

Tom Hanks says his love for the Navy set sail in Bay Area

Book salutes the all-female squad of WWII pilots that history forgot

SFMOMA official resigns amid uproar over deletion of comment

Will voice actors of color finally be heard?
Nasim Pedrad is positively Sandra Bullock-like in ‘Desperados’

                    The "Saturday Night Live" alum has a winning star turn in Netflix's new comedy.
                










'Hamilton' on Disney Plus, with original Broadway cast, still a treasure
'John Lewis: Good Trouble' an inspirational story of an American hero
'The Outpost,' starring Scott Eastwood, holds its ground
Netflix’s ‘Unsolved Mysteries’ reboot stays true

            A tribute to Michael Tilson Thomas
        

                                 Our exclusive collection of articles on music director Michael Tilson Thomas and his 25 years with the San Francisco Symphony. 
            











            For working parents, simplest activities bring joy for all
        

                                 We’re getting through a summer of uncertainty one water balloon and  P opsicle at a time. 
            

‘To hike or not to hike?’ Pacific Crest Trail can’t escape...
Hikers have been advised to stay off the trail by the Pacific Crest Trail Association, which issues permits to thru-hikers months in advance, and many have bailed out. But a hard-core contingent...

Reflecting on a lifetime of taking it to the streets

The coronavirus and social movements gives fashion a reality check

Ten life-and-death moments in Tom Stienstra’s 40 years in the outdoors

Tim Cramer, influential member of SF’s roller skating scene, dead at 53
How coronavirus changed life for these Bay Area high schoolers

                                    Chronicle photographers went back to visit with students to find out how they’re navigating senior year during the pandemic.
                            







Are you a Bay Area student? Submit your photos here

                                    The Chronicle is documenting Bay Area high school seniors as they navigate a path to graduation in 2020. Are you a local student who would like to participate? Submit your photos here.
                            








            How to get the most out of your Chronicle subscription
        

                                 From unlimited digital access to newsletters, podcasts, events and more, here's a list of benefits for subscribers. 
            











More than 50 Chronicle archive photos for SF Pride’s 50th anniversary
We’ve done another deep dive into The Chronicle’s archive to feature even more Pride parade photos throughout the years.

SF’s 1918 Spanish flu debacle: Crucial lesson for the coronavirus era

When the world made peace in San Francisco

When the world came to San Francisco to create the United Nations

Worth the wait: Grace Cathedral’s early days and biggest moments

            Explore the stories behind classic front pages
        

                                The San Francisco Chronicle came into existence more than 150 years ago. See classic newspaper pages from our archive for every day of the year.
            











Editorial: Trump’s July Fourth speeches were an affront to the occasion
What the country received in a pair of July Fourth speeches by President Trump was the opposite of an assuring call to calm and coming together.

America is in a negative spiral. It needs a spiritual reset

Joe Mathews: Before Calexit, a final push to fix America

Editorial: A quieter Fourth of July to reflect on togetherness as well...

Last Word: A different theater experience

            Booking photos no longer fair game in SF
        

                                 SFPD Police Chief Bill Scott announced Wednesday that booking photos will be released only in limited circumstances, such as warning the public...
            

            Willie Brown: California’s confused fight against the...
        

                                 The rules are arcane, they change by the day and people who are affected can’t find anyone to explain them. From the top down, the fight against...
            
Do Not Sell My Info

